[DCOS-55432] Add docs for DSS support, including volume profiles, to Cassandra (#2421)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/services/cassandra/2.6.0-3.11.4/configuration/index.md

### Test your multi-datacenter configuration

Make sure to test your deployment using a {{ model.techShortName }} client.

## Using Volume Profiles

Volume profiles are used to classify volumes. For example, users can group SSDs into a “fast” profile and group HDDs into a “slow” profile. **Note:** Volume profiles are immutable and therefore cannot contain references to specific devices, nodes or other ephemeral identifiers.

DC/OS Storage Service (DSS) is a service that manages volumes, volume profiles, volume providers, and storage devices in a DC/OS cluster.

> If you want to deploy Cassandra with DSS, please follow the tutorial here: https://docs.mesosphere.com/services/storage/1.0.0/tutorials/cassandra-dss-volumes/

Reviewer: Let's push a fix to the error in [their documentation](https://docs.mesosphere.com/services/storage/1.0.0/tutorials/cassandra-dss-volumes/). Step 7 contains an invalid Cassandra service configuration JSON.

Author: Yes @mpereira i am creating PR for changes.

Reviewer 2: yup, a week ago I had created this ticket and assigned to their team to fix it: https://jira.mesosphere.com/browse/DCOS-56418

Reviewer 3: Please wrap links as text and not bare html - for example it would be: .... please follow [this tutorial](/services/storage/1.0.0/tutorials/cassandra-dss-volumes/)
Also, the **Note:** is usually put as a standalone colored purple box with the message text inserted at `text`
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>text</p>. 

https://wiki.mesosphere.com/display/DOCS/Documentation+Style+Guide

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: updated as per @ck4adventure 's suggestion
cc: @samvantran

Once the DC/OS cluster is running and volume profiles are created, you can deploy Cassandra with the following configs:

```bash
cat > cassandra-options.json <<EOF
{
    "service": {

>         "volume_profile": "cassandra",

Reviewer: `volume_profile` is under `nodes`, not `service`.

>         "disk_type": "MOUNT"

Reviewer: Same as above.

    }
}

> EOF

Reviewer: Close code block here.

> dcos package install cassandra --options=cassandra-options.json

Reviewer: Enclose this command in a new code block.

> **Note:** Cassandra will be configured to look for `MOUNT` volumes with the profile `cassandra`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Cassandra will be configured to look for `MOUNT` volumes with the `cassandra` profile.
```

> Once the Cassandra service is deployed, its tasks will be running with the specified volume profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Cassandra service finishes deploying its tasks will be running with the specified volume profiles.
```

> its deployment should be completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```bash
dcos cassandra update status

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

deploy (serial strategy) (COMPLETE)
└─ node-deploy (serial strategy) (COMPLETE)
├─ node-0:[server] (COMPLETE)
├─ node-0:[init_system_keyspaces] (COMPLETE)
├─ node-1:[server] (COMPLETE)

> └─ node-2:[server] (COMPLETE)

Reviewer: Lines 316-320 are not correctly formatted.

Author: formatted them correctly.

### Test your multi-datacenter configuration

Make sure to test your deployment using a {{ model.techShortName }} client.

## Using Volume Profiles

> Volume profiles are used to classify volumes according to a user’s use cases. For example, users can group all their SSDs into a “fast” profile, while grouping HDDs into a “slow” volume profile. Volume profiles are immutable and therefore cannot contain references to specific devices, nodes or other ephemeral identifiers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Volume profiles are used to classify volumes. For example, users can group SSDs into a “fast” profile and group HDDs into a “slow” profile. **Note:** Volume profiles are immutable and therefore cannot contain references to specific devices, nodes or other ephemeral identifiers.
```

> DC/OS Storage Service (DSS) is a service that manages volumes, volume profiles, volume providers, and storage devices in the DC/OS cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DC/OS Storage Service (DSS) is a service that manages volumes, volume profiles, volume providers, and storage devices in a DC/OS cluster.
```

If you want to deploy Cassandra with DSS, please follow the tutorial here: https://docs.mesosphere.com/services/storage/1.0.0/tutorials/cassandra-dss-volumes/

> Once DC/OS cluster is setup and volumes of profile is created from the above link, please follow below steps to Install Cassandra from the DC/OS Universe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the DC/OS cluster is running and volume profiles are created, you can deploy Cassandra with the following configs:
```

> Cassandra is configured to look for `MOUNT` volumes of profile `cassandra`.

Reviewer 2: I moved this down below the config information

```bash
cat > cassandra-options.json <<EOF
{
    "service": {

>         "disk_profile": "cassandra",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        "volume_profile": "cassandra",
```

        "disk_type": "MOUNT"
    }
}
EOF
dcos package install cassandra --options=cassandra-options.json

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
  - **Note:** Cassandra will be configured to look for `MOUNT` volumes with the profile `cassandra`.
```

> Once the Cassandra service is installed, it will start its tasks. After a while,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the Cassandra service is deployed, its tasks will be running with the specified volume profiles.
```

its deployment should be completed.

```bash

> dcos beta-cassandra update status

Reviewer 2: `beta-`?
